good kids Ivan try we are here
we are in infected mode that good
the update has finally come out
for playstation 4 and playstation3 and already
we have updated the game and
well then in the very infected as
news we have a lot of weapons
different than before we only had the
shotgun and now for example the
emec until we have here and many
others that I have put that the truth is that
does in the mode so much more
entertaining that only with a weapon not like that
that nothing was going I'm going we're going there
to try it has also gotten to tell you
various modifications in weapons and such
It has improved some weapons like this
of rays that got into the tlc the
improvement a little bit the hbr has improved
very much the truth that is a machine
now it kills a lot more far from less
bullets and the truth is that the insanity is
an incredible model then to his advice
that you try it
and let's try it
dead value given a validity or
assistance I take the scavenger
thanks to leo he works where he was
dead
now he is dead
but here
that of stable mica and rather than
boy who gives three uncles
they have fumigated that it is not good
my mother, my mother you are there all
champignon done with this god weapon
worth one is therefore under him
and test was the
almost in command
today I 'm going because I 'm going to portillo
we try to give you love that operated like
the fuck they kill me so fast can not
be uncle
incredible said good nothing let's go
to do another game and so we see another
weapon more than this has been a bit slow
a little slow I say a little fast
but where is that uncle look at him been in
You have not seen the sky
so I just play and fast hard
If it's hard enough, there's no other weapon
so see you
and yes
and in everything with good kids we are
here and good as a new game this
once the sb 666
and that's it
Mom says Ivan and 2d
AHA
none none quiet is not that no
go the beautiful point
I
I see it
drones in the air what the fuck
I have a shield of all
the drones to see us us
clear because there is only one
but in the end it finances God
they have taken it from me
failure
to the cure that heals everything and this is a
madness today
AHA
where it supports stadiums does not look at it
two already today I'm here lonely
they go home to my insurance
almost but that way but by the hair in
calcutta
the hairs
the hairs of a bald man has been missing
assistance and assistance assistance and
after assistance more assistance
and then it comes worth low to fix me in peace
with companions
two
well I 'm just staying god where
such listeners come see come with me and
me today I'm I'm I'm careful
but I say that it does not kill to expel the
goods that comes
also to kill armadillo
one
but God
double low is not
lamata hate
Program
and a handful behind
the Jews who tried to kill little the
fucking gun uncle
triple and low and double uncle
uy did not take it
I made a triple low one double
It's worth a life is already saved
gentlemen, it was simply for
show you this there were already new weapons and
such I hope it has been delayed so
less and that you enter to try it no longer me
I would play a fourth game to watch
if I get it like they killed him picking up the
new ball tied
very very good
where there is life picking up grandpa and
killed and nothing because that would be that by playing
a little while to see how and testing the
weapons and nothing because you know you have there
worldwide available in all
consoles and nothing because he's favorites and
until next time
goodbye
Y